
# On questions & discussions.
In this class you will be responsible both for asking good questions and for having good discussions. One important question is: what does _good_ mean, in each of those cases?

## Good questions
When you are a “guide” for the seminar, you should feel some responsibility to ask good questions. In the course of discussion, or when we pose questions together in class, you should not worry very much about asking good questions. That’s important, because if we only ever ask “good” questions , then only a certain set of people feel confident & entitled enough to ask those questions. (At a statistical level, white men from privileged backgrounds will take up more space than variously marginalized persons.) Meanwhile, fruitful lines of inquiry will be foreclosed because people will worry too much about how questions are formulated. Lead with curiosity; we will do the work of disciplining that curiosity together.

We will formalize the procedure where people ask questions that arise for them during the course of discussion. Scott will probably interview you about this question! And then submit it also to discussion. This is not because your question is bad! This is not punishment; it is engagement. These discussion will probably involve clarifying questions, or attempts to get you to sharpen or intensify your question in some way, or it could simply be (and this will likely be the most common version) asking you to bring us to a particular passage in the reading or moment in a film. In these moments, we are working to understand your question while also helping you to improve the questions.

And with that preamble, here’s a question about questions:

### What makes a good question?

**Good questions are about what you don’t know, not about what you do.** In other words, good questions are genuine questions. As Kyla Wazana Tompkins puts it, “[we’re not here to learn what we already know.](http://avidly.lareviewofbooks.org/2016/09/13/we-arent-here-to-learn-what-we-know-we-already-know/)” You may recall from high school, your undergraduate days, and even some scenes in graduate school, that the point of talking in class is to demonstrate to the instructor and your classmates how well you understand the material, how smart you are, how sophisticated a reader you can be. _That is not what the point of a question is._ Good questions, for our purposes, lead with what you don’t understand—so that you can then begin the work of new understanding together with your colleagues. These don’t have to be sophisticated. If you don’t know what a word means, or how an author is using a word, ask what it means—vocabulary questions are very often extremely good questions, even at the graduate level!

**Good questions are specific.** This does not mean that good questions are always about specific passages. That said, I almost always try to develop a question with a request for an example from the text to get specific. (Always have your readings in front of you in class!) But you can ask more general questions—about how one thinker relates to other thinkers in the class, how films fit into larger historical arcs—in ways that are specific. When you ask those questions, it’s best to give a specific motivation for why—to take a totally canned example from the heart of film studies—you want to understand how Adorno’s inflection of Marxism is different from Benjamin’s. Presumably, those questions will help you understand something about the topic at hand; it’s best to be specific about that motivation. And notice already that, in the first of the example questions above, it’s not just about about Adorno and Benjamin but about their use of Marxism. You could get even more specific: their way their essays refract specific passages from Marx; or a passage from each that seem especially interesting to juxtapose; or why Marxism seemed so important to media theory from a certain time period.

**Good questions can flail.** Related to this, often the question you want to ask is some version of hunh? (Or, alternately, WTF?) That is an excellent question, but given that such a question is really about not knowing how to talk about what’s going on at all, it’s difficult to get specific. So here is some advice on bringing ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ to class. Hunh? often does have an object: What kind of thing about the text is so challenging? So, for example, you will probably have this feeling when we read Lacan. (I have this feeling when I read Lacan.) So ask: what does Lacan do to lose you? Is it stylistic, a matter of vocabulary, too dense a set of references? What’s an especially seemingly important term that you can’t parse? What word that you think you know has gone utterly strange in this context? What’s the first sentence you can’t make any sense of at all? What passage seems especially important and especially elusive?

**Good questions are motivated.** If your question is, for example, “What does Nieland mean by happiness?,” presumably you have a reason for asking it that isn’t just not understanding Nieland’s account of the Eamses. For example, you have a sense that you’ll understand x about Nieland’s theory if you understand what he means by the term. What is x? What could x maybe possibly be? Likewise, a common good question goes something like, “can we talk about this passage on page 86?” (or whatever passage on whatever page). For this kind of question, it’s best to have a sense of what understanding that passage would help you understand about the essay as a whole, some why to your question beyond “I didn’t understand this when I read it.” Even if you can’t really say that much—which is fine!; sometimes we only have hazy senses of why our genuine questions matter to us—the inexpressible feeling of motivation is certainly enough, and important. So say that: “I get the sense that this passage is important but I can’t say why.” By the same token, be a bit careful about a different kind of motivation: if you’re working to relate a topic in this week’s material to something you feel like you understand better by analogy or some other isomorphism, it’s best to get specific about the thing you already understand. So, for example, if you want to think about how certain arguments from Metz’s _Imaginary Signifier_ recapitulate themes from Baudry’s “Ideological Effects” essay (which is recommended reading for us this term), it’s best to say at least a little something about what you feel like you understand about the Baudry essay—or, at least, to be prepared to say it if I ask you about it in a follow-up. Meanwhile, be very careful indeed if the thing you feel like you understand isn’t something shared with your colleagues, because you’ll very probably be called upon to explain that thing.

**Good questions are generous.** We’re going to be reading a great deal of material this term that was written long before contemporary political and aesthetic sensibilities were established, and that also exclude or marginalize people or perspectives that are historically marginalized. It’s perfectly valid, even deeply desirable, to bring questions like “Isn’t this problematic?” to the table. But it’s also important to ask that question in ways that aren’t about establishing your superiority to the text. These questions should instead be about elucidating the logic of the argument at hand. So instead of a “question” that goes “Adorno only cites dead white guys”—although, I mean, really, dead white guy only cites dead white guys, news at 10—a better question might be: what would Adorno’s argument look like if he had something not-dumb to say about gender or race? My major goal in working through theory is to get you to understand its logic, to think with it, and that means asking about exclusions and aporias, but always doing so in ways that further develop your understanding, rather than using them as opportunities to decide you don’t need to do the work of understanding, e.g. Adorno on his own terms. (You can, of course, decide that you don’t need to do that; but I want you to do so well and with purpose and conviction, by really working to understand the theory on its own terms and, when appropriate, why the work has been so important to cinema studies.)

**Good questions aren’t just things you could Google.** If you don’t understand a vocabulary word in a text, omg, please just Google it. But if you do that and you still don’t understand how an author is using it, bring the question into the room. (Also, you’re absolutely allowed to ask vocabulary questions, but be prepared to get followup questions about specificity and motivation.)

## Good discussions
I will probably talk more than I want to in class; it’s a failing of mine. (Although the direct-questions rule for the first 30 minutes of discussions really does curb my bad habits.) But the idea here is that, for much of our time together, we should be having discussions. Here’s the best rationale I know for discussion-based methods here:

I sometimes think of teaching and learning conceptually difficult on the model of an immersion language course. The idea is that I speak “grammatically correct” sentences in theoryspeak in ways that will, of necessity, be both beyond your easy understanding and your capacity to speak yourselves. Your goal is to try to speak this language on your own. You can no more really learn theory by reading and listening and neither speaking nor writing than you can learn German or Pashto by listening to it and reading it. And so, our discussion is your opportunity to try out theoryspeak on your own.

That will mean, of necessity, getting things wrong and making mistakes and not knowing how to say what you mean and learning how to speak around your missing vocabulary and all the messy, anxious things that come from learning things you don’t already know. That’s a central feature of discussion-based learning: you will make mistakes, and if you don’t you’re doing it wrong. Fumbling around and flubbing something and feeling frustrated and being corrected are all signs that you’re doing the work of learning, not punishments for being wrong about something. (My approach to people not knowing things [including myself] is best put by the wonderful [xkcd](https://xkcd.com/1053/)).

Our time together will always start with the following set of exercises, and will proceed according to a vocabulary of set patterns. You’ll find descriptions of these in our Class patterns document.

### What makes a good discussion?
Good discussion is made up of people addressing themselves to a question that can’t be solved by Googling, working together to address the meaning and force of the question, and doing what they can to find resources for answering it. This proceeds well when everybody is doing all of the following things (although in varying degrees):

* listening to what others are saying;
* bringing their own attention to specific passages in the text that might relate to what others are saying;
* writing down their own thoughts spurred by discussion;
* and only sometimes, actually saying things.

Note that good discussion is marked as much by activities that aren’t speaking as activities that that are speaking. Meanwhile, what should people say to make for good discussion? The kinds of things people should say will generally fall into one of several categories:

* developing or elaborating a point somebody has already made in some way;
* drawing everybody’s attention to a specific, relevant passage/moment and reading key sentences or recalling specific features of the text;
* offering an analysis and/or explication of such sentences or passage;
* proffering an additional sub-question (as above, from hunh to quoting Hegel from memory);
* bringing other relevant information into the room, by recalling something from a previous week, from our aesthetic encounters, or, occasionally, from other coursework;
* redirecting the discussion by turning to another question at hand,
* or, sparingly, asking Scott what he thinks about something. Really: be sparing with this, as he will probably start blathering on.

Note that the following aren’t in the list above: offering an opinion; disagreeing with somebody; describing your own experience (of a film, from life); musing about very general matters (of whatever degree of relevance to the film or video or text); musing about neither aesthetic work nor the text. These are all permissible, and in certain circumstances very desirable. But discussion is not debate, nor is it scintillating dinner conversation, nor is it therapy. Another sort of thing that’s not in the list above and isn’t really permissible: demonstrating how smart you are by getting to the right answer fastest. You get zero (zero!) brownie points or other points for being or feeling smarter than those around you. Your cleverness is your own business.

Note the purpose of discussion above: it is to give you, and others, practice in thinking and speaking theoretically. It is not to establish your brilliance or arrive at the absolute correct version of things.

## On being wrong
You will find that I am rather more eager than some of my colleagues to say things like, “I don’t think that’s right,” or, “let’s turn to a passage to see if we can’t sort that out.” I do this not because I’m especially excited to show just how much better I know these texts than you, but because it’s important to know when things go awry (at least sometimes).

My thought about this is: it’s okay to get things wrong! The immersion language analogy holds up here: you’re not going to learn Yucatec without saying some wrong or infelicitous things sometimes. Hell, you’re not going to talk about some very maddeningly obscure-but-also-famous film theory, without saying some wrong or infelicitous things sometimes. (And, to be sure, I’m also prone to such wrong & infelicitous things, even if I’ve been reading Christian Metz for 20 years now.)

My goal, then, is to aim for an environment where making mistakes is a welcome, or at least tolerable, part of the process, and that having me (or your fellow student) press you on a mistake is, to use a phrase I used before, understood and felt as a form of engagement, not punishment.

## On classroom games
Over the course of the term, I may ask you to engage in various kinds of games to catalyze good discussion. (Think-pair-share and Scott-speaks-when-spoken-to are both such games.) Note that these may come with a modicum of out-of-class preparation; you should do that out-of-class preparation! In any event, these are designed so that more students do more talking with one another. Engage these with as much of a gaming attitude as you can muster.
